Updating ICESat-2 Resources page (#263)
icesat2py/icepyx: doc/source/community/resources/2022_IS2_HW.rst

.. _resource_IS2HW_2022:

Third ICESat-2 Hackweek Facilitated by the University of Washington eScience Institute
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This event is currently being planned, and will take place 21-25 March 2022.

> Please see the `event website <https://icesat-2hackweek.github.io/>`_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the `event website <https://icesat-2.hackweek.io/>`_ for more information.
```

Author: Are there any plans for the former hackweek url? I've been going to that one by mistake over the past week.
